Handle HAVE_UNISTD_H defined to 0. (#960)
zlib-ng/zlib-ng: CMakeLists.txt

if(HAVE_UNISTD_H)
  SET(ZCONF_UNISTD_LINE "#if 1    /* was set to #if 1 by configure/cmake/etc */")
else()

>   SET(ZCONF_UNISTD_LINE "#if ~ HAVE_UNISTD_H + 1    /* may be set to #if 1 by configure/cmake/etc */")

Reviewer: Can you explain this logic a bit more?

Reviewer 2: If something is not defined, it equals either 0 or empty string...

Author: This has the exact same semantics as here [1]; it is only written slightly shorter.

[1]: https://github.com/zlib-ng/zlib-ng/blob/c91806258805d243080a934ebd169333d4f8ba46/zconf.h.in#L152

Reviewer 2: I don't think shorter is better in this case... It is just confusing...

Author: IMO `-_LARGEFILE64_SOURCE - -1 == 1` is just as unreadable.

Reviewer 2: Possibly... But fixing both would change scope of this pull request...

>   SET(ZCONF_UNISTD_LINE "#if ~ HAVE_UNISTD_H + 1    /* may be set to #if 1 by configure/cmake/etc */")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  SET(ZCONF_UNISTD_LINE "#if 0    /* was set to #if 0 by configure/cmake/etc */")
```
